feat: copy open PR URL (#546)
agavra/tuicr: README.md

### To your coding agent

`y` or `:clip` copies a structured markdown block to your clipboard. In PR mode, `:copy-url`

> copies the open pull request URL. Each comment has a number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`y` or `:clip` copies a structured markdown block to your clipboard. Each comment has a number
```
this probably isn't worht adding to README
